docs/pages/app-starter.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta, Unstyled } from '@storybook/blocks'
import { InlineNotification } from "@kaizen/notification"
import { LinkTo } from "../../storybook/components/LinkTo"

<Meta title="Guides/App starter" />

# App starter

This guide is all about how to introduce the Kaizen Design System to your app.

Whilst the Kaizen Design System mainly focuses on the more atomic components in your app, some of the components have a high level of complexity requiring various global components to be present in order for them to function.

<InlineNotification persistent type="informative">You won't need to apply this if you started your app with the <a href="https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-template" target="_blank">Frontend template</a> or are using <a href="https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-services/tree/main/packages/next-services">next-services</a>.</InlineNotification>

## 1. Add the KaizenProvider (replaces ThemeProvider)

The <LinkTo pageId="components-kaizen-provider-installation">KaizenProvider</LinkTo> feeds your entire app with the theme and various other defaults, so it's important that it goes at the very root of your application.
```jsx
  import { KaizenProvider } from '@kaizen/components';
  <KaizenProvider>
    <App />
  </KaizenProvider>
```
Be sure to read the <LinkTo pageId="components-kaizen-provider-installation">KaizenProvider</LinkTo> documentation for migration tips and in case your app requires any further config, but generally this should be it!


## 2. Setup Tailwind CSS

It is recommended that you use Tailwind for any custom CSS you may need to write outside of using Kaizen components.

For full installation instructions, see the <LinkTo pageId="systems-tailwind-getting-started">Tailwind Getting Started</LinkTo> page.

Whether or not you are already familiar with Tailwind, you'll want to take a look at our <LinkTo pageId="systems-tailwind-utility-class-references-overview">Utility Class References</LinkTo>, as we have made distinct modifications to vanilla Tailwind to suit our design system.

## 3. Add the Kaizen global CSS

For the convenience of your app, we've compiled all the necessary styles for our components into a single stylesheet to make it easy to set and forget.

Add the following import to the top of your `tailwind.css` file:

```css
@import "../node_modules/@kaizen/components/dist/styles.css";
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

Note: If for whatever reason you aren't adding Tailwind to your project, you can do this step in any global css file. Just ensure it's the only one, imported at the root of your app, after resets/normalises.

Commit message:

Add i18n-react-intl installation step in App Starter docs

docs/pages/app-starter.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta, Unstyled } from '@storybook/blocks'
import { InlineNotification } from "@kaizen/notification"
import { LinkTo } from "../../storybook/components/LinkTo"

<Meta title="Guides/App starter" />

# App starter

This guide is all about how to introduce the Kaizen Design System to your app.

Whilst the Kaizen Design System mainly focuses on the more atomic components in your app, some of the components have a high level of complexity requiring various global components to be present in order for them to function.

<InlineNotification persistent type="informative">You won't need to apply this if you started your app with the <a href="https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-template" target="_blank">Frontend template</a> or are using <a href="https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-services/tree/main/packages/next-services">next-services</a>.</InlineNotification>

## 1. Add the KaizenProvider (replaces ThemeProvider)

The <LinkTo pageId="components-kaizen-provider-installation">KaizenProvider</LinkTo> feeds your entire app with the theme and various other defaults, so it's important that it goes at the very root of your application.
```jsx
  import { KaizenProvider } from '@kaizen/components';
  <KaizenProvider>
    <App />
  </KaizenProvider>
```
Be sure to read the <LinkTo pageId="components-kaizen-provider-installation">KaizenProvider</LinkTo> documentation for migration tips and in case your app requires any further config, but generally this should be it!

## 2. Add unified-home's @culturamp/i18n-react-intl webpack plugin to your webpack config

This plugin is necessary for KaizenProvider to run properly, and for ensuring that Kaizen's internal translated message strings are
available to the Kaizen components that consume them.

For installation instructions, see their docs [here](https://github.com/cultureamp/unified-home/tree/master/packages/i18n-react-intl#integrating-with-webpack).

## 3. Setup Tailwind CSS

It is recommended that you use Tailwind for any custom CSS you may need to write outside of using Kaizen components.

For full installation instructions, see the <LinkTo pageId="systems-tailwind-getting-started">Tailwind Getting Started</LinkTo> page.

Whether or not you are already familiar with Tailwind, you'll want to take a look at our <LinkTo pageId="systems-tailwind-utility-class-references-overview">Utility Class References</LinkTo>, as we have made distinct modifications to vanilla Tailwind to suit our design system.

## 4. Add the Kaizen global CSS

For the convenience of your app, we've compiled all the necessary styles for our components into a single stylesheet to make it easy to set and forget.

Add the following import to the top of your `tailwind.css` file:

```css
@import "../node_modules/@kaizen/components/dist/styles.css";
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

Note: If for whatever reason you aren't adding Tailwind to your project, you can do this step in any global css file. Just ensure it's the only one, imported at the root of your app, after resets/normalises.
