docs/Systems/Tailwind/Overview.stories.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { CATEGORIES } from "../../../storybook/constants"
import AnatomyDiagram from './assets/tw-anatomy.png';

<Meta title={`${CATEGORIES.tailwind}/Overview`} />

# Overview

<br/>

## Caveat before use
This is an early release of the Kaizen Tailwind Preset - the API may change and evolve as we receive feedback from our teams. We will endeavour to assist where possible if classes or utilities are updated in the future.

## What our package does
The `@kaizen/tailwind` package is essentially a custom Tailwind preset. For more information about Tailwind presets, see their docs [here](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/presets). This package does not change how Tailwind works; it only defines the suffixes that can be applied when constructing utility classes.
The following diagram shows the construction of a utility class that adds a background of `blue-400` on hover. The modifier `hover:` and the prefix `bg-` are part of Tailwind by default. The suffix `gray-400` is defined by our preset, and represents one of our color design tokens.  


<img src={AnatomyDiagram} />

```css
.hover\:bg-blue-400:hover {
  --tw-bg-opacity: 1;
  background-color: rgb(0 139 214 / var(--tw-bg-opacity))
}
```

Commit message:

docs(tailwind): add link to Utility Class References from Overview

docs/Systems/Tailwind/Overview.stories.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from '@storybook/addon-docs';
import { CATEGORIES } from "../../../storybook/constants"
import AnatomyDiagram from './assets/tw-anatomy.png';

<Meta title={`${CATEGORIES.tailwind}/Overview`} />

# Overview

<br/>

## Caveat before use
This is an early release of the Kaizen Tailwind Preset - the API may change and evolve as we receive feedback from our teams. We will endeavour to assist where possible if classes or utilities are updated in the future.

## What our package does
The `@kaizen/tailwind` package is essentially a custom Tailwind preset. For more information about Tailwind presets, see their docs [here](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/presets). This package does not change how Tailwind works; it only defines the suffixes that can be applied when constructing utility classes.  
To see a list of utilities generated by our preset, see our [Utility Class Reference Docs](/story/systems-tailwind-utility-class-references-utility-class-references--page).  
The following diagram shows the construction of a utility class that adds a background of `blue-400` on hover. The modifier `hover:` and the prefix `bg-` are part of Tailwind by default. The suffix `gray-400` is defined by our preset, and represents one of our color design tokens.  


<img src={AnatomyDiagram} />

```css
.hover\:bg-blue-400:hover {
  --tw-bg-opacity: 1;
  background-color: rgb(0 139 214 / var(--tw-bg-opacity))
}
```
