packages/components/src/FilterBar/_docs/FilterBar.mdx, before:

import { ArgTypes, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation, NoClipCanvas } from "../../../../../storybook/components"
import { LinkTo } from "../../../../../storybook/components/LinkTo"
import * as FilterBarStories from "./FilterBar.stories"

<Meta of={FilterBarStories} />

# Filter Bar

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/FilterBar"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { FilterBar } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

The Filter Bar is a collection of Filter components, used to filter data.

This example showcases a minimal implementation of the FilterBar.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.BasicImplementation} />

## API

<ArgTypes of={FilterBarStories.BasicImplementation} />

### `FilterBar<ValuesMap>` (generic)

FilterBar accepts a TypeScript generic where you can outline the shape of the expected value types for each filter.

We also provide a `Filters` type which can accept the same generic to provide improved type safety.

`ValuesMap` should be in the shape of `{ [filterId]: filterValueType }`.

```tsx
import { FilterBar, Filters } from "@kaizen/components"

type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: number
}

const [values, setValues] = useState<Partial<ValuesMap>>({
  filterId1: "default-value"
})

const filters = [
  { id: "filterId1", ...rest },
  { id: "filterId2", ...rest },
] satisfies Filters<ValuesMap>

return (
  <FilterBar<ValuesMap>
    filters={filters}
    values={values}
    onValuesChange={setValues}
  />
)
```

### `filters`

The `filters` prop is an array of attributes used to create the list of filters.

#### Filter attributes

Each filter has the following attributes:
```tsx
id: string // A unique id for the filter
name: string // The name used to label the filter, shown in the trigger button
Component: JSX.Element // A Filter component or a custom component consuming the FilterBarContext
```

##### `Component`

Components compatible with FilterBar must consume the FilterBarContext.

Provided Filter components are built on top of their base component, and have the
`id`, `label`, `renderTrigger`, `isOpen`, `setIsOpen`, and `value` (or similar) props omitted as they are filled in for you.

If the component comes with an `onChange` (or similar) prop, it will be made optional and it can be used for additional actions (eg. adding analytics).

Available Filter components:
- `<FilterBar.DatePicker>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-date-picker">FilterDatePicker</LinkTo>
  - `selectedDate` is omitted
  - `onDateChange` is now optional
  - `locale` is now optional (defaults to `"en-AU"`)
- `<FilterBar.DateRangePicker>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-date-range-picker">FilterDateRangePicker</LinkTo>
  - `selectedRange` is omitted
  - `onRangeChange` is now optional
  - `locale` is now optional (defaults to `"en-AU"`)
- `<FilterBar.MultiSelect>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-multi-select">FilterMultiSelect</LinkTo>
  - `selectedKeys` is omitted
  - `onSelectionChange` remains available as optional
- `<FilterBar.Select>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-select">FilterSelect</LinkTo>
  - `selectedKey` is omitted
  - `onSelectionChange` remains available as optional

#### Usage

We also provide a `Filters<ValuesMap>` type you can use for improved type safety.

```tsx
import { FilterBar, Filters, DateRange } from "@kaizen/components"

type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: DateRange
}

const filters = [
  {
    id: "filterId1",
    name: "Filter 1",
    Component: <FilterBar.Select {...props} />
  },
  {
    id: "filterId2",
    name: "Filter 2",
    Component: <FilterBar.DateRangePicker {...props} />
  },
] satisfies Filters<ValuesMap>
```

### `values`

A key-value pair of currently active values.

The `values` prop should be in the shape of `{ [filterId]: filterValueType }` (matching `ValuesMap`).

This is instantiated by the consumer to allow for updates from external events (eg. using url params).

```tsx
type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: number
}

// @note: Unless you are providing a default value for all the filters,
// you will want to wrap it in Partial.
const [values, setValues] = useState<Partial<ValuesMap>>({
  filterId1: "default-value"
})

return (
  <FilterBar<ValuesMap> values={values} {...rest} />
)
```

### `onValuesChange`

A callback (`(values: Partial<ValuesMap>) => void`) for when the active `values` change.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.OnValuesChange} />

## Examples

### Update values via external event

The api allows you to update the values of the FilterBar via an external event (eg. updating url params).

Simply update the value passed into the `values` prop.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.ExternalEventValuesUpdate} />

Commit message:

docs(filter-bar): add more details to values update example

packages/components/src/FilterBar/_docs/FilterBar.mdx, after:

import { ArgTypes, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation, NoClipCanvas } from "../../../../../storybook/components"
import { LinkTo } from "../../../../../storybook/components/LinkTo"
import * as FilterBarStories from "./FilterBar.stories"

<Meta of={FilterBarStories} />

# Filter Bar

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/FilterBar"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { FilterBar } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

The Filter Bar is a collection of Filter components, used to filter data.

This example showcases a minimal implementation of the FilterBar.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.BasicImplementation} />

## API

<ArgTypes of={FilterBarStories.BasicImplementation} />

### `FilterBar<ValuesMap>` (generic)

FilterBar accepts a TypeScript generic where you can outline the shape of the expected value types for each filter.

We also provide a `Filters` type which can accept the same generic to provide improved type safety.

`ValuesMap` should be in the shape of `{ [filterId]: filterValueType }`.

```tsx
import { FilterBar, Filters } from "@kaizen/components"

type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: number
}

const [values, setValues] = useState<Partial<ValuesMap>>({
  filterId1: "default-value"
})

const filters = [
  { id: "filterId1", ...rest },
  { id: "filterId2", ...rest },
] satisfies Filters<ValuesMap>

return (
  <FilterBar<ValuesMap>
    filters={filters}
    values={values}
    onValuesChange={setValues}
  />
)
```

### `filters`

The `filters` prop is an array of attributes used to create the list of filters.

#### Filter attributes

Each filter has the following attributes:
```tsx
id: string // A unique id for the filter
name: string // The name used to label the filter, shown in the trigger button
Component: JSX.Element // A Filter component or a custom component consuming the FilterBarContext
```

##### `Component`

Components compatible with FilterBar must consume the FilterBarContext.

Provided Filter components are built on top of their base component, and have the
`id`, `label`, `renderTrigger`, `isOpen`, `setIsOpen`, and `value` (or similar) props omitted as they are filled in for you.

If the component comes with an `onChange` (or similar) prop, it will be made optional and it can be used for additional actions (eg. adding analytics).

Available Filter components:
- `<FilterBar.DatePicker>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-date-picker">FilterDatePicker</LinkTo>
  - `selectedDate` is omitted
  - `onDateChange` is now optional
  - `locale` is now optional (defaults to `"en-AU"`)
- `<FilterBar.DateRangePicker>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-date-range-picker">FilterDateRangePicker</LinkTo>
  - `selectedRange` is omitted
  - `onRangeChange` is now optional
  - `locale` is now optional (defaults to `"en-AU"`)
- `<FilterBar.MultiSelect>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-multi-select">FilterMultiSelect</LinkTo>
  - `selectedKeys` is omitted
  - `onSelectionChange` remains available as optional
- `<FilterBar.Select>` - extends <LinkTo pageId="components-filter-select">FilterSelect</LinkTo>
  - `selectedKey` is omitted
  - `onSelectionChange` remains available as optional

#### Usage

We also provide a `Filters<ValuesMap>` type you can use for improved type safety.

```tsx
import { FilterBar, Filters, DateRange } from "@kaizen/components"

type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: DateRange
}

const filters = [
  {
    id: "filterId1",
    name: "Filter 1",
    Component: <FilterBar.Select {...props} />
  },
  {
    id: "filterId2",
    name: "Filter 2",
    Component: <FilterBar.DateRangePicker {...props} />
  },
] satisfies Filters<ValuesMap>
```

### `values`

A key-value pair of currently active values.

The `values` prop should be in the shape of `{ [filterId]: filterValueType }` (matching `ValuesMap`).

This is instantiated by the consumer to allow for updates from external events (eg. using url params).

```tsx
type ValuesMap = {
  filterId1: string
  filterId2: number
}

// @note: Unless you are providing a default value for all the filters,
// you will want to wrap it in Partial.
const [values, setValues] = useState<Partial<ValuesMap>>({
  filterId1: "default-value"
})

return (
  <FilterBar<ValuesMap> values={values} {...rest} />
)
```

### `onValuesChange`

A callback (`(values: Partial<ValuesMap>) => void`) for when the active `values` change.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.OnValuesChange} />

## Examples

### Update values via external event

The api allows you to update the values of the FilterBar via an external event (eg. updating url params).

Simply update the value passed into the `values` prop.

Out of the box, we do not make assumptions about your state management tool, so you will need to encode/decode
the types to match the expected format of your chosen query param library.

The following example uses the
<a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/serialize-query-params">serialize-query-params</a>
and <a href="https://www.npmjs.com/package/query-string">query-string</a>
packages.

<NoClipCanvas of={FilterBarStories.ExternalEventValuesUpdate} />
