packages/components/src/Notification/ToastNotification/_docs/ToastNotification.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as ToastNotificationStories from "./ToastNotification.stories"

<Meta title="Components/Notifications/ToastNotification" />

# Toast Notification

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Notification/ToastNotification"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/eZKEE5kXbEMY3lx84oz8iN/%F0%9F%92%9C-UI-Kit%3A-Heart?type=design&node-id=1929%3A21829&mode=design&t=QHnBiBn4stf5UxJ3-1"
  designGuidelines="https://cultureamp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DesignSystem/pages/3075638310/Toast+Notification"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { addToastNotification, removeToastNotification, clearToastNotifications, ToastNotification } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

Toast notifications are used to notifying a user of an outcome for an action they have taken. They appended to the root of the document body and will render in the top corner of the window.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.Playground} />
<Controls of={ToastNotificationStories.Playground} />

## API

In addition to the `ToastNotification` JSX element, there are three API methods exported from this package to create and manage Toast notifications.

### addToastNotification
Creates an instance of the the Toast Notification manager and appends new notifications to the list.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.CreateNotification} />

If `addToastNotification` is called with an `id` that matches an existing notification, then it will update the content of that component.

This will also be invoked if you use the `ToastNotification` component.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.UpdateNotification} />


### removeToastNotification

Removes a single notification that matches the `id` passed to the function.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.RemoveNotification} />


### clearToastNotifications

Clears all notifications currently held in state.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.ClearNotifications} />


## Accessibility and removal of notifications

Any notification that is temporarily rendered on screen should provide a user ample time to read its contents and provide a way to stop its removal ([WCAG guidline here](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/time-limits.html)
)).

By default, all Toast notifications will remain on screen until dismissed. This ensures the accessibility is met and does not require additional intervention.

If you required to be automatically removed, you must provide a means of stopping and re-enabling its removal and ensures that a user can reasonably access this before it is removed.

Commit message:

refactor(ToastNotification): replace manager with context

packages/components/src/Notification/ToastNotification/_docs/ToastNotification.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as ToastNotificationStories from "./ToastNotification.stories"

<Meta title="Components/Notifications/ToastNotification" />

# Toast Notification

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Notification/ToastNotification"
  figma="https://www.figma.com/file/eZKEE5kXbEMY3lx84oz8iN/%F0%9F%92%9C-UI-Kit%3A-Heart?type=design&node-id=1929%3A21829&mode=design&t=QHnBiBn4stf5UxJ3-1"
  designGuidelines="https://cultureamp.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DesignSystem/pages/3075638310/Toast+Notification"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { addToastNotification, removeToastNotification, clearToastNotifications, ToastNotification } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

Toast notifications are used to notifying a user of an outcome for an action they have taken. They appended to the root of the document body and will render in the top corner of the window.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.Playground} />
<Controls of={ToastNotificationStories.Playground} />

## API

In addition to the `ToastNotification` JSX element, there are three API methods exported from this package to create and manage Toast notifications.

### addToastNotification

Adds and appends a new notification to the list.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.CreateNotification} />

### updateToastNotification

Updates a single notification that matches the `id` passed to the function.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.UpdateNotification} />

### removeToastNotification

Removes a single notification that matches the `id` passed to the function.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.RemoveNotification} />


### clearToastNotifications

Clears all notifications currently held in state.

<Canvas of={ToastNotificationStories.ClearNotifications} />


## Accessibility and removal of notifications

Any notification that is temporarily rendered on screen should provide a user ample time to read its contents and provide a way to stop its removal ([WCAG guidline here](https://www.w3.org/TR/UNDERSTANDING-WCAG20/time-limits.html)
)).

By default, all Toast notifications will remain on screen until dismissed. This ensures the accessibility is met and does not require additional intervention.

If you required to be automatically removed, you must provide a means of stopping and re-enabling its removal and ensures that a user can reasonably access this before it is removed.
