packages/components/src/KaizenProvider/_docs/KaizenProvider.mdx, before:

import { Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import Highlight from "react-highlight"
import migrationToV1 from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-to-v1.diff"
import migrationBonus from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-bonus.diff"
import migrationFETToV1 from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-fe-template-to-v1.diff"
import migrationFETBonus from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-fe-template-bonus.diff"
import { KaioNotification } from "../../../../../storybook/components"

<Meta title="Components/Kaizen Provider/Installation" />

# Kaizen Provider

Provides the necessary global contexts for all Kaizen components, as well as any global level Kaizen component/wrappers.

<KaioNotification />

## Usage

Ideally, there should only be one `KaizenProvider` that should wrap your entire application.

```jsx
import { KaizenProvider } from '@kaizen/components';
<KaizenProvider>
  <App />
</KaizenProvider>
```

### ThemeManager support
- [Managing the theme](/story/components-kaizenprovider-managing-the-theme--page)

## Migration from ThemeProvider to KaizenProvider v1.0

`KaizenProvider` at this version is a direct replacement for `ThemeProvider`, and is safe to do a 1 to 1 replacement.


<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationToV1}</Highlight>


If you're using the [frontend-template](https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-template), you can replace it like this:

Note: `defaultPreset` comes from the `frontend-template`.

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationFETToV1}</Highlight>

### Bonus

If you're using the `defaultTheme`, this is already setup within the provider, so depending on your team's setup you might be able to remove config that sets this up for you.

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm mb-16">{migrationBonus}</Highlight>

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationFETBonus}</Highlight>

Commit message:

Link to Internationalization and fix Managing the theme link

packages/components/src/KaizenProvider/_docs/KaizenProvider.mdx, after:

import { Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import Highlight from "react-highlight"
import migrationToV1 from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-to-v1.diff"
import migrationBonus from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-bonus.diff"
import migrationFETToV1 from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-fe-template-to-v1.diff"
import migrationFETBonus from "!!raw-loader!./code-diffs/migration-fe-template-bonus.diff"
import { KaioNotification } from "../../../../../storybook/components"

<Meta title="Components/Kaizen Provider/Installation" />

# Kaizen Provider

Provides the necessary global contexts for all Kaizen components, as well as any global level Kaizen component/wrappers.

<KaioNotification />

## Usage

Ideally, there should only be one `KaizenProvider` that should wrap your entire application.

```jsx
import { KaizenProvider } from '@kaizen/components';
<KaizenProvider>
  <App />
</KaizenProvider>
```

### ThemeManager support
- [Managing the theme](/story/components-kaizen-provider-managing-the-theme--docs)

### Internationalization support
- [Internationalization in Kaizen](/story/components-kaizen-provider-internationalization-in-kaizen--docs)

## Migration from ThemeProvider to KaizenProvider v1.0

`KaizenProvider` at this version is a direct replacement for `ThemeProvider`, and is safe to do a 1 to 1 replacement.


<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationToV1}</Highlight>


If you're using the [frontend-template](https://github.com/cultureamp/frontend-template), you can replace it like this:

Note: `defaultPreset` comes from the `frontend-template`.

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationFETToV1}</Highlight>

### Bonus

If you're using the `defaultTheme`, this is already setup within the provider, so depending on your team's setup you might be able to remove config that sets this up for you.

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm mb-16">{migrationBonus}</Highlight>

<Highlight className="diff shadow-sm">{migrationFETBonus}</Highlight>
