packages/components/src/Workflow/_docs/Workflow.mdx, before:

import { ArgTypes, Canvas, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { Installation, KaioNotification, ResourceLinks } from "../../../../../storybook/components"
import * as Workflow from "./Workflow.stories"
import * as WorkflowFooter from "./WorkflowFooter.stories"
import * as WorkflowHeader from "./WorkflowHeader.stories"

<Meta title="Pages/Workflow" />

# Workflow

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Workflow"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { Workflow } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

This is a page template component containing the header, footer and main landmarks that compose a Workflow page. Its purpose is to guide an customer through a multi-step form to create a Workflow.

The Worflow is intended as a page wrapper and sets minimum height of `100vh` with a sticky `Header` component. The `Children` will be wrapped in a unstyled main landmark to provide flexibility for inner content layouts.

This component has responsiveness baked in to support 400% zoom and smaller screen sizes. This will also un-stick the `Header` to provide more realestate for the user.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" of={Workflow.Playground} />

## Header actions

The `headerActions` prop  takes array of JSX elements that will render in the top right of the `Header` component.

While the number of JSX element is not limited, is important to consider the realestate in the `Header` and how larger strings or components may be rendered on smaller screen sizes.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowHeader.MultipleActions}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    headerActions={[
      <Button
        key="would-use-uui-1"
        label="Preview"
        icon={VisibleIcon}
        secondary
        iconPosition="start"
      />,
      <Button
        key="would-use-uui-2"
        label="Save and close"
        icon={CloseIcon}
        secondary
        iconPosition="end"
      />
    ]}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>


## Handling a Workflow exit

A common pattern identified is a Workflow Exit button. An implemntation of this component should be passed to the `headerActions` array to handle a user leaving a Workflow. We've provided an example below that combines a Kaizen `Button` with the `ConfirmationModal` component.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowHeader.Playground}
  source={{code: `
  const [showModal, setShowModal] = useState<boolean>(false)
  ...
  return (
    <>
      <Button
        label={exitLabel}
        icon={closeIcon}
        iconPosition="end"
        secondary
        onClick={() => setShowModal(true)}
      />
      <ConfirmationModal
        isOpen={showModal}
        mood={mood}
        isProminent={true}
        title={exitTitle}
        confirmLabel={confirmExitLabel}
        dismissLabel={dismissExitLabel}
        onConfirm={onConfirmExitCallback}
        onDismiss={() => {
          setShowModal(false)
        }}
      >
        <div>
          <Paragraph variant="body">{exitDescription}</Paragraph>
        </div>
      </ConfirmationModal>
    </>
  )`
  }} 
/>

## Tracking progress

The Footer tracks the progress of the form by comparing the current step, indicated by `stepName`, against its position in the `steps` array.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.FirstStep}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    stepName="Setting"
    steps={[
      'Settings',
      'Questions',
      'Preview',
      'Employees',
      'Schedule'
    ]}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

The Footer is agnostic to the JSX elements that are used in the `previousAction` and `nextAction`. While we recommend using the Kaizen Button, a button-like component can be used in its place to satisfy project-specific requirements.


To hide, disable or change the appearance of the Footer buttons you can leverage the props available for the `@kaizen/button` or pass in undefined to not render the component.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.LastStep}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    nextAction={<Button disabled label="Finish" primary reversed/>}
    previousAction={<Button label="Back" reversed/>}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

Instances where users are returning to a completed worklow you can pass the `isComplete` prop to set the indicators to their "complete" status. This will also be reflected in their aria title.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.AllStepsComplete}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    isComplete
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

## Compsable Worflow

While we do not advise this path, a composable Workflow may be created if required. Refer to the components stories on how to consume each subcomponent.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" of={Workflow.ComposableWorkflow} />

## Worflow API at a glance

<ArgTypes of={Workflow.Playground} />

Commit message:

Update Workflow to fix documenation, responsiveness and sticky styles (#3723)
* fix spelling errors in docs

* remove ids from React SVG elements and run through SVGO to reduce size

* add responsive story for chromatic, update docs, add footer small screen styles and desktop sticky

* add word break for long words

* Set base z indecies to ensure sticky nav sits above inner content

* add changeset

* add chromatic flag to Workflow story params

* update viewport arg for chromatic story

packages/components/src/Workflow/_docs/Workflow.mdx, after:

import { ArgTypes, Canvas, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { Installation, KaioNotification, ResourceLinks } from "../../../../../storybook/components"
import * as Workflow from "./Workflow.stories"
import * as WorkflowFooter from "./WorkflowFooter.stories"
import * as WorkflowHeader from "./WorkflowHeader.stories"

<Meta title="Pages/Workflow" />

# Workflow

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/Workflow"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { Workflow } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

This is a page template component containing the header, footer, and main landmarks that compose a Workflow page. Its purpose is to guide a customer through a multi-step form to create a Workflow.

The Worflow is intended as a page wrapper and sets a minimum height of `100vh` with a sticky `Header` component. The `Children` will be wrapped in an unstyled main landmark to provide flexibility for inner content layouts.

To ensure at readability at 400% zoom (See WCAG's [Reflow criteria](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG21/Understanding/reflow.html)) this component will collapse to a vertical layout on smaller screen sizes and remove `sticky` positioning to maximise screen real estate. You can see an example in [the responsive workflow story](/story/pages-workflow-components-workflow--responsive-workflow).

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" of={Workflow.Playground} />

## Header actions

The `headerActions` prop  takes array of JSX elements that will render in the top right of the `Header` component.

While the number of JSX elements is not limited, is important to consider the real estate in the `Header` and how larger strings or components may be rendered on smaller screen sizes.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowHeader.MultipleActions}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    headerActions={[
      <Button
        key="would-use-uui-1"
        label="Preview"
        icon={VisibleIcon}
        secondary
        iconPosition="start"
      />,
      <Button
        key="would-use-uui-2"
        label="Save and close"
        icon={CloseIcon}
        secondary
        iconPosition="end"
      />
    ]}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>


## Handling a Workflow exit

A common pattern identified is a Workflow Exit button. An implementation of this component should be passed to the `headerActions` an array to handle a user leaving a Workflow. We've provided an example below that combines a Kaizen `Button` with the `ConfirmationModal` component.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowHeader.Playground}
  source={{code: `
  const [showModal, setShowModal] = useState<boolean>(false)
  ...
  return (
    <>
      <Button
        label={exitLabel}
        icon={closeIcon}
        iconPosition="end"
        secondary
        onClick={() => setShowModal(true)}
      />
      <ConfirmationModal
        isOpen={showModal}
        mood={mood}
        isProminent={true}
        title={exitTitle}
        confirmLabel={confirmExitLabel}
        dismissLabel={dismissExitLabel}
        onConfirm={onConfirmExitCallback}
        onDismiss={() => {
          setShowModal(false)
        }}
      >
        <div>
          <Paragraph variant="body">{exitDescription}</Paragraph>
        </div>
      </ConfirmationModal>
    </>
  )`
  }} 
/>

## Tracking progress

The Footer tracks the progress of the form by comparing the current step, indicated by `stepName`, against its position in the `steps` array.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.FirstStep}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    stepName="Setting"
    steps={[
      'Settings',
      'Questions',
      'Preview',
      'Employees',
      'Schedule'
    ]}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

The Footer is agnostic to the JSX elements that are used in the `previousAction` and `nextAction`. While we recommend using the Kaizen Button, a button-like component can be used in its place to satisfy project-specific requirements.


To hide, disable or change the appearance of the Footer buttons you can leverage the props available for the `@kaizen/button` or pass in undefined to not render the component.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.LastStep}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    nextAction={<Button disabled label="Finish" primary reversed/>}
    previousAction={<Button label="Back" reversed/>}
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

In Instances where users are returning to a completed workflow you can pass the `isComplete` prop to set the indicators to their "complete" status. This will also be reflected in their Aria title.

<Canvas
  layout="fullscreen"
  of={WorkflowFooter.AllStepsComplete}
  source={{code: `<Workflow
    isComplete
    {...otherProps}
  >
    <MockContent />
  </Workflow>`}}
/>

## Composable Worflow

While we do not advise this path, a composable Workflow may be created if required. Refer to the component's stories on how to consume each subcomponent.

<Canvas layout="fullscreen" of={Workflow.ComposableWorkflow} />


## Worflow API at a glance

<ArgTypes of={Workflow.Playground} />
