packages/components/src/FieldGroup/_docs/FieldGroup.mdx, before:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as FieldGroupStories from "./FieldGroup.stories"

<Meta of={FieldGroupStories} />

# FieldGroup

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/FieldGroup"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { FieldGroup } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

A simple wrapper to wrap form field components and their related siblings. This is a primitive used in components like `TextField`, `TextArea`, `Slider`, etc.

<Canvas of={FieldGroupStories.Playground} />
<Controls of={FieldGroupStories.Playground} />

## API

### Inline
Changes the FieldGroup to an inline element with no bottom margin. This can be seen in the `Slider` [component](/?path=/docs/components-slider--docs).

<Canvas of={FieldGroupStories.Inline} />

Commit message:

update story inline vs default examples

packages/components/src/FieldGroup/_docs/FieldGroup.mdx, after:

import { Canvas, Controls, Meta } from "@storybook/blocks"
import { ResourceLinks, KaioNotification, Installation } from "~storybook/components"
import * as FieldGroupStories from "./FieldGroup.stories"

<Meta of={FieldGroupStories} />

# FieldGroup

<ResourceLinks
  sourceCode="https://github.com/cultureamp/kaizen-design-system/tree/main/packages/components/src/FieldGroup"
  className="!mb-8"
/>

<KaioNotification />

<Installation
  installCommand="yarn add @kaizen/components"
  importStatement='import { FieldGroup } from "@kaizen/components"'
/>

## Overview

A simple wrapper to wrap form field components and their related siblings. This is a primitive used in components like `TextField`, `TextArea`, `Slider`, etc.

<Canvas of={FieldGroupStories.Playground} />
<Controls of={FieldGroupStories.Playground} />

## API

### Inline
Changes the FieldGroup to an inline element with no bottom margin. This can be seen in the `Slider` [component](/?path=/docs/components-slider--docs). You can see inline vs block scope in the following stories:

#### Inline
<Canvas of={FieldGroupStories.Inline} />

#### Default (block)

<Canvas of={FieldGroupStories.Default} />
